# Asgard-System
VP: a conversational interface to help you achieve your greatest potential, re-wire your mindset, plan and structure your life, and coach you in the roadmap to your success.

**Inquiry:** All coaches know that the way to help a person is not to tell them what they have to do, but make them arrive to the conclusions of what is the right course of action for them. Most of the help from Odin comes shaped in the form of questions that the user answers in the interface.
**Project and task manager**: Personal change happens with action. The system helps the user plan and strategize the path ahead with best practices on goal setting, intrinsic motivation, and time management. It reminds you of what is important for your personal development, it asks you to recall your goals and values and it acts as the accountability partner that will never let you down. it re-structures and re-schedules as needed to ensure your success.
**Distraction free life:** from social media to blogposts and videos, anywhere in the net is bloated with time consuming content and marketing disguised as help that leads you astray. create a feed of interests and SM, and Odin will summarize, fact check, and curate so it can focus what's important in your life.
**Logging and cognitive mapping analysis** : with the surge of mental health issues, the Odin system looks for cues in your interactions, creating a model of your mind, your beliefs, reasoning biases, mindset, ego and identity, personality traits etc, in order to both adapt his interactions to you as an individual, and warn you when anything requires your attention.
